you changed your mind your top two top
three yes but I don't want to get
complacent because we're still trying to
improve and find a level of consistency
I just wanted to confirm that so I could
lock it in for the right of headline
well it's the fifth week of na LCS I'm
joined right now by contracts from
golden Guardians let's talk a little bit
about how things are going with him it's
all sponsored by Omni slash by the way
this video so you guys are no tied for
second but I gotta be honest with you I
did not expect to lead off an interview
like that at all any point in time this
year but but you guys have done it and
I'll just it's not like you've looped it
in you know you're way in it off to the
first week or the second week like five
five weeks in halfway through the split
you guys are second place so what what's
the atmosphere like on the team honestly
right now it's really good I feel like
on any team if you were winning this
much I think that miss fear is
definitely gonna be really high we all
just yeah it just feels really good to
win after last play and we're proving a
lot of people wrong and we're just
showing that as five we can actually
compete against the best in this league
what's crazy to me is that I heard at
the start of the split there's a lot of
like tension behind the scenes and drama
on golden Guardians I don't know if you
want to talk about that at all but it's
it's either way it's funny to me that I
heard about that and now it feels like
you guys are playing better than ever
just like team environment yeah it was
am I gonna go into too many details
buddy I was definitely rough they're
like not the first couple weeks of
screams but like maybe three or four
weeks after we started practicing as a
team we had a lot of internal issues and
out of our mentalities and attitudes
towards practice weren't you know just
suited for a team environment like it
was just always negative and constantly
it just bringing us down but after we
think we lost three games in a row and
then we had like a big team meeting
during the the two weeks we had off
during ref rivals and we really came
together as a team we we all want to put
a hundred percent into our work now and
our practice and I think it's starting
to show on stage you guys are on a three
game win streak you play echovox
tomorrow what do you
your chances are there I think echo fox
have been looking pretty lock look like
Lester lately but I still think they're
a really strong team they have the tools
to definitely snowball games and they're
really aggressive with who need our dogs
so I think it'll definitely still be a
hard game but uh I believe in my team
and I do pull off the win
so I before you guys played that game
against CLG I heard that one of the team
owners had said that based off of I
guess the scribes or whatever they
thought that golden Guardians might be a
top three team and a LCS right now and
then just a short time ago I was talking
to somebody else to implied you guys
might be the best team in this moment
right first off do you agree with either
of those I don't know I feel like
screams are always like 50/50 we can
either have a really bad day and we just
get on or we have a really good day
and we're like playing really well and
we're just stomping on teams but I think
once we find that level of consistently
consistency I think we can definitely be
the best team in today but I don't think
we really scream guys or anything we're
not the best team in any right now I
think I think we're definitely like top
four top five but I'm just hoping to
keep improving and find a level of
consistency with our play in the next
couple weeks
who else is up there with you though
because okay CLG had a pretty good
streak there just now but you guys just
beat them and then you got like Team
Liquid I my team liquid stock is falling
hard right now I don't I I mean they
they looked really good we sent them to
MSI they didn't look good there but I
just I don't know what's going on there
hundred thieves seems like they're
sorting their stuff out technically the
first-place team so I don't know what do
you think I think one hundredth youth
was up there before they got rid of
medius I think medius was really like
the like the pillar of their team he led
a lot of how they play the game and just
early game leads um I'm not really sure
who's up there actually I I think I
think actually fly quest is not bad this
season I think they're pretty decent and
I think they're top four top five Oh
other thing that I'm not sure Dean
liquid has been looking pretty bad so
right now all you can tell me is you and
fly quest do you know how crazy that
sounds to me yeah I mean maybe c9s
better with blabbering now
maybe they can start improving but
alright - sure I guess we're like top
two top three real okay top is you think
you're top to top 30 yeah I change my
mind is in your back to change your mind
your top two top three yes but I don't
want to get complacent because we're
still trying to improve and find a level
of consistency I just wanted to confirm
that so I could lock it in for the right
of headline all right that's all I was
asking for I just need to make sure I
need your heart stick to it because if
you have any hesitation then I get
yelled at in the comments but it sounds
like you're confident so there you go um
I was talking to definitely last week
who told me that you get super-powered
when you drink boba like before the
games he says anytime you have Globo
before the games it's like you Hulk out
is this true oh I can confirm that I
drink boba maybe five out of seven days
of the week but I actually have not
drink boba on the days who do go and
tell us yes so those two days are
Saturday and Sunday so I think I just
like ramped up my power during the week
so I get Bobo every day and then once it
comes tighter during Sunday the power
just feel like comes out and then that's
why we're doing so well split by the way
I have noticed an interesting pattern
here so you guys have won the last three
games right so I know hunter pretty well
hunter was not here last week for the
first time ever he had a something had
to go to so he's not here last week and
then today he's at a wedding so I'm
curious if hunter being gone does that
do you feel like that dramatically
improves your team no it might be
possible I think the days he hasn't been
here we've been popping off and winning
pretty convincingly
so maybe hunter is a problem maybe he
should just stay at home yes and you
know he's coming I know he's coming here
tomorrow so I are you concerned about
tomorrow's I addict stress to you I
actually just want to step on stage
tomorrow I think it'll just be an
embarrassment for an org I think we
might just lose okay well what's so
going to be amazing is if I release this
and you guys do lose miserably tomorrow
it's not gonna look good for Hunter I
think hunter might just have to step
down at that point
okay holy Roy
contract calls for hunter step again
Penner is really good these interviews
are getting very aggressive towards
hunter last week definitely looked at
the camera and said you hunter
that's true he said it cuz he he wants
you guys to have like a
behind-the-scenes like series like the
hundred thieves show and team like with
all that I wouldn't mind that but follow
me around 24/7 is kind of not my thing
either but how would you feel if they
felt like if you got benched and they
filmed it that mean
but he's back Stevie's back sneaky oh
wait oh wait hopefully think yeah
thoughts how about meteors yeah cuz
media has had the yes no I was talking
about the cloud 9 episode really yeah
that was a little questionable too but
yeah they never did with like rain or
anything with her but meteos is here by
the way he's back he's on the analyst
desk did you see that yeah it's always
uh analysis for the akkadian first Greg
packing I always wanted that yeah I mean
it's too smart I think he's a really
good player did you learn something from
that
no but boy I think media is to top three
general else yes so it's unfortunately
sunny right now
well he's a top C jungler outside of LCS
is more like it he's not an LCS cuz he's
just play and they LCS he'll get back in
here soon
I believe in well okay so does that mean
you think Santorum's gonna no I think I
mean putting in media's for Santorin
wouldn't be bad but I think centaurians
showing a level of play that's like fine
for his team and he's been working with
them for like the whole split so I think
changing them out right now is probably
good okay so you said medias will be
back though if you're not changing out
Santorin what's gonna happen I wanted to
go to another team next would Pauline
isn't gonna play the split for the rest
of this year we won't see me because
you're like I believe in when he's gonna
be back you're you're condemning him for
like seven months you know you say that
ring I mean top three jungler in the LCS
and he's out of the game for several
months it's just an unfortunate
situation very unfortunate very
unfortunate he can sell a lot of
Snickers though in that time what
what else is going on anything we should
know about going the guardians behind
the scenes since you guys don't have a
thing I here did you know rachel is
making you guys cookies and baked goods
and she she does she has committed on
multiple occasions to making stuff for
me and I have yet to have a single
cookie you should definitely try a
cookie three cookies are born well I
would like to but she has not I guess
you should start making them right now
then yeah exactly
rachel is social media person works
works I you know I hired her at Yahoo
you know and this is the thanks I get
you know she goes to gets off a job she
goes and joins one of the top teams and
LCS top two team can't even bother
getting me a cookie yeah her cakes are
definitely good you should definitely
try once again I'd like to one funny
story
speaking of people I've hired Andrew who
helps me out on the weekends now bred
and works on other for me just to
be clear he's not gone I'm never gonna
release him but Andrews here he when I
hired him last split he said that he is
a golden Guardian span because he likes
underdogs my concern is that you guys
are now second so he might be abandoning
you is it true I feel like we're kind of
we're still kind of underdogs right now
everybody's a huge cloud 9 4 oh I guess
they're yeah they're underdogs right now
can you be on an underdog when you're
second place I don't know I feel like
we're just like quietly creeping up so I
think we're so underdogs we don't have
like many fans so I think people I still
don't expect this to win yeah if
somebody's watching this interview and
they are like well maybe there should be
a golden Guardians Finn what would you
say to them like why should Sony be a
golden Guardians fan their jungler
watches a lot of anime okay and I think
that's the sole reason why you should
support the golden Guardians I think
there's a lot of people on LCS I'll
watch a lot of anime do you think you
watch more anime than anybody else I
feel like I was like an OG one okay
I was definitely og everyone just came
following after me like no one was
watching you're a relatively new player
in the LCS and you're saying that you
like no one was watching anime before
you got here I mean no one openly came
out with it
you came out as a weeds but I'm the open
wheel okay
that's very good that's good hey uh
alright whatever anything you would
actually say to anybody out there ah
thank you for the support we've been
doing a lot better this one I hopefully
we can find a level of consistency to
keep on improving and do you guys
brought thank you so much contracts
congratulations on the win today looking
forward to seeing you guys lose one
hunter returns tomorrow for everyone
else you can check out the rest of my
coverage of all things eSports right
here on my youtube channel I knew I
could never escape this I freaking
landed my dream job at riot interviewing
pros and stuff and I still have to do
outros for Travis I just can't get out
of it literally you can't see it but on
my back there's like a contract that was
carved into me like full-on freaking FM
a reason I was burned into her but you
get the idea so I think zombie slash for
this subscribe